This project was generated with:
```
java -jar ../openapi-generator-cli-6.0.1.jar generate -i ~/projects/dws/api.yaml -g rust-server --skip-validate-spec
```

# Rust Dicom Web Server Template

DICOMweb™ is the DICOM standard for web-based medical imaging. It is a set of RESTful services, enabling web developers to unlock the power of healthcare images using industry-standard toolsets.

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 0.1.0



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client ApiInstancesTag
cargo run --example client InstancesGet
cargo run --example client InstancesSOPInstanceUIDFramesUidGet
cargo run --example client InstancesSOPInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client InstancesSOPInstanceUIDRenderedGet
cargo run --example client InstancesSOPInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
cargo run --example client SeriesGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDFramesUidGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDRenderedGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDRenderedGet
cargo run --example client SeriesSeriesInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
cargo run --example client StudiesGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDFramesUidGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDRenderedGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDInstancesSOPInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDRenderedGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDSeriesSeriesInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
cargo run --example client StudiesStudyInstanceUIDThumbnailGet
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**api.instances.tag**](docs/default_api.md#api.instances.tag) | **GET** /instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/{tag} | Retrieve an instance field.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /instances | Query for instances.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/frames/{uid} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /instances/{SOPInstanceUID} | Retrieve a instance.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/rendered | Render an instance.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series | Query for series.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID} | Retrieve a series.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances | Query for instances in the series of a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/frames/{uid} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/rendered | Render an instance.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/rendered | Render an instance.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies | Query for studies.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID} | Retrieve a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series | Query for series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances | Query for instances in the series of a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/frames/{uid} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID} | Query for a series in a study.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/rendered | Render an instance.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/instances/{SOPInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/rendered | Render a series.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/series/{SeriesInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.
[****](docs/default_api.md#) | **GET** /studies/{StudyInstanceUID}/thumbnail | Render a thumbnail.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ImageFormat](docs/ImageFormat.md)
 - [SeriesGet200ResponseInner](docs/SeriesGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [StudiesGet200ResponseInner](docs/StudiesGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [StudiesStudyInstanceUidSeriesSeriesInstanceUidInstancesGet200ResponseInner](docs/StudiesStudyInstanceUidSeriesSeriesInstanceUidInstancesGet200ResponseInner.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



